=head1 NAME

  Geo::IP::Record - Contains city information for GeoIP City Edition

=head1 SYNOPSIS

  use Geo::IP;

  my $gi = Geo::IP->open("/usr/local/share/GeoIP/GeoIPCity.dat", GEOIP_STANDARD);

  my $record = $gi->record_by_addr('24.24.24.24');

  print $record->country_code,
	$record->country_code3,
	$record->country_name,
	$record->region,
	$record->region_name,
	$record->city,
	$record->postal_code,
	$record->latitude,
	$record->longitude,
	$record->time_zone,
	$record->area_code,
    $record->continent_code,
	$record->metro_code;

=head1 DESCRIPTION

Geo::IP::Record represents objects containing location information
returned by the GeoIP City database.  It works with both the
commercial GeoIP City and free GeoLite City databases.

=head1 OBJECT METHODS

=over 4

=item $code = $record->country_code;

Returns the ISO 3166 country code from the location object.

=item $code3 = $record->country_code3;

Returns the ISO 3166 3 letter country code from the location object.

=item $name = $record->country_name;

Returns the country name from the location object.

=item $region = $record->region;

Returns the region code from the location object.

=item $region = $record->region_name;

Returns the region name from the location object.

=item $city = $record->city;

Returns the city from the location object.

=item $postal_code = $record->postal_code;

Returns the postal code from the location object.

=item $lat = $record->latitude;

Returns the latitude from the location object.

=item $lon = $record->longitude;

Returns the longitude from the location object.

=item $time_zone = $record->time_zone;

Returns the time zone from the location object.

=item $area_code = $record->area_code;

Returns the area code from the location object (for city-level US locations only)

=item $metro_code = $record->metro_code;

Returns the metro code from the location object (for city-level US locations only)


=item $continent_code = $record->continent_code;

 Returns the continent code from the location object.
 Possible continent codes are AF, AS, EU, NA, OC, SA for Africa, Asia, Europe, North America, Oceania  and South America. 

=back

=head1 VERSION

1.21

=head1 AUTHOR

Copyright (c) 2008, MaxMind LLC

All rights reserved.  This package is free software; you can redistribute it
and/or modify it under the same terms as Perl itself.

=cut
